No way
Did I… do it
with a guy yesterday?
He's so handsome
It's annoying
[Kuroda Naoya
Half-brother]
[Kuroda Misaki
Naoya's wife]
Were you already home?
That trillion yen
contract with Toei
Whoever seals that deal
will be made successor
is what Father said
So?
Chairman of Toei
won't even sit
at the negotiation table
if you're not a married man
He says he can't trust
an unmarried man
Mr. Koichi is
still single, right?
Not only is he not married
but he has no scandals
You don't like being
touched by others, right?
Are you still
a virgin?
Mind your own business
Don't push yourself too hard
Don't you worry
It's less than two weeks now
What are you going to do
without a partner?
I do
I never said I didn't
Who would stay with
someone as heartless as you?
You've never been
loved by anyone